Add 1ka verification case (#178)
idaholab/TMAP8: test/tests/ver-1ka/ver-1ka.md

# ver-1ka

# Simple Volumetric Source

## General Case Description

> This problem involves two enclosures connected by a diffusive membrane that follows Sieverts law for diffusion. Both enclosures contain hydrogen ($H_2$), deuterium ($T_2$), and hydrogen deuteride ($HT$). In the first enclosure, there is an initial inventory of only hydrogen ($H_2$) along with a constant volumetric source rate of deuterium ($T_2$). The second enclosure starts out empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This problem involves two enclosures connected by a diffusive membrane that follows Sieverts law for diffusion. Both enclosures contain hydrogen (H$_2$), deuterium (T$_2$), and hydrogen deuteride (HT). In the first enclosure, there is an initial inventory of only hydrogen (H$_2$) along with a constant volumetric source rate of deuterium (T$_2$). The second enclosure starts out empty.
```

## Case Set up

> This verification problem is taken from [!cite](longhurst1992verification). 
> The rise in pressure of $T_2$ molecules in the first enclosure can be monitored by using a non-flow type membrane between the two enclosures. Consequently, the rate of pressure increase can be expressed as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This verification problem is taken from [!cite](longhurst1992verification). 
The rise in pressure of T$_2$ molecules in the first enclosure can be monitored by using a non-flow type membrane between the two enclosures. Consequently, the rate of pressure increase can be expressed as:
```

\begin{equation}
\frac{dP_{T_2}}{dt} = \frac{S}{V} kT
\end{equation}

where $S$ represents the volumetric source rate, $V$ is the volume of the enclosure, $k$ is the Boltzmann constant, and $T$ is the temperature of the enclosure.

Comparison of the TMAP8 results and the analytical solution is shown in
[ver-1ka_comparison_time] as a function of time. The TMAP8 code predictions match very well with the analytical solution.

!media figures/ver-1ka_comparison_time.png
    style=width:50%;margin-bottom:2%
    id=ver-1ka_comparison_time

>     caption=Comparison of $T_2$ partial pressure in an enclosure with no loss pathways as function of time calculated through TMAP8 and analytically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    caption=Comparison of T$_2$ partial pressure in an enclosure with no loss pathways as function of time calculated through TMAP8 and analytically
```

>     caption=Comparison of $T_2$ partial pressure in an enclosure with no loss pathways as function of time calculated through TMAP8 and analytically

Reviewer: We now use a different approach to ensure the figures are automatically generated by the documentation. Here is an example:
```
!media comparison_ver-1g.py
       image_name=ver-1g_comparison_equal_conc.png
       style=width:50%;margin-bottom:2%;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto
       id=ver-1g_comparison_equal_conc
       caption=Comparison of concentration of AB as a function of time calculated through TMAP8 and analytically for the case when A and B have equal concentrations.
```

## Input files

!style halign=left

> The input file for this case can be found at [/ver-1ka.i], which is different from the input file used as test in TMAP8. To limit the computational costs of the test cases, the tests run a version of the file with a coarser mesh and larger time steps. More information about the changes can be found in the test specification file for this case [/ver-1ka/tests].

Reviewer: This might not be right depending on how long this case takes to run. You might not need an heavy version. 
```suggestion
The input file for this case can be found at [/ver-1ka.i], which is also used as tests in TMAP8 at [/ver-1ka/tests].
```
